---
layout: post
title: Customer and Market Validation
subtitle: By Team Medicurves~ WEEK 5
tags: [Value]
---

Good day, everyone! Welcome to our week 5 update about our start up business.

## What is Tok to Dok?
Tok to Dok is an online health consultation. This app allows you to consult doctors who are listed on the app. You can ask doctors questions and get answers, and even arrange an appointment with a doctor.

## Customer Validation
Medical information has been available on the internet for some time, but recently, it has also been used for private online patient-doctor consultations. The healthcare industry has seen a surge in mobile applications providing healthcare services remotely. Online consultations have gained popularity in the market, with individuals considering it as a substitute for visiting physical healthcare facilities. According to published surveys and interviews, the convenience, time and cost savings, shift in illness patterns, cost-effectiveness, privacy, and second opinions are some of the factors that have contributed to the increase in online medical consultations.

# Market Validation
Market validation is an essential step in the entrepreneurial process, as it can help avoid big product failures and secure funding for app development. By validating our idea early on, we can ensure that we are not wasting time and resources on creating a product that doesn't align with the market's needs and wants.

Investors, crowdfunders, and banks that are considering funding our startup need to have confidence in our product's potential success. Securing market validation can instill that confidence by showing that there is a demand for our product and that it is a good fit for the market.

Market validation is a crucial step in any business venture, and it can provide valuable insights that can help entrepreneurs tailor their products to the specific needs of their target customers. But what exactly does it mean to validate a business idea? And how can this process help you create a product that not only meets your customers' needs but also earns you your first paying customers? In this article, we will explore the importance of market validation and offer some tips on how to conduct this process effectively. Whether you're a seasoned entrepreneur or just starting out, read on to learn how market validation can help you build a successful business.

In addition, we have been conducting consumer discovery interviews in order to gain comments and insights from those who are our target audience.

To better match the requirements and preferences of our customers, we have used this feedback to refine and enhance the features and services of our app. We intend to concentrate on growing our user base and creating enduring connections with our clients as we move forward.
